The bathroom door squeaks open as Sean wobbles out. He uses his hand on the wall for support.

*Woah! What happened?*

Reader: A- Are you okay?

Sean: Oh Reader! You caught me at a bad time…

*Why is he rubbing his stomach like that?*

Sean: Phew! I no longer feel like a terrorist threat!

Reader: Are you sure you’re okay?

Sean: Mee? I’m completely fine! Totally.

*I can’t tell if he’s actually okay…*

Sean: Actually - hey Reader, have you ever tried Buldak?

Reader: What’s Booldak?

Sean: Buldak Instant Noodles - Spicy…

Reader: Uhh… I’m not too good with spice…

Reader: I usually pass it on to my dad to finish whenever I have anything spicy…

Sean: Hmm… In that case - you should get stronger.

Reader: What?

Sean: Stronger! Robust! Becoming more powerful! 

Reader: What do you mean by that?

Sean: In order to become stronger, you need to train!

Reader: Train as in… going to the gym?... Have you been working out?

*He sure as hell doesn’t look like it…*

Sean: No No No…

Sean: I’m training my stomach!

Reader: Oh.

Sean: You see… eating spicy food actually makes your stomach resilient and makes your digestive tract able to process other foods easily.

Sean: So… I’ve been strengthening my stomach using the epitome of spicy food: Buldak Instant Noodles!

*That logic seems a bit skewed…*
*And why specifically instant noodles?*
*And why specifically this brand??*

Sean: There’s the 1x spice - and that’s already really spicy!

Sean: But it can go all the way to 2x and 3x! Rumour has it 4x exists! :o

Reader: …

Sean: You should train with me. I’ll cook one up for you next time!

Reader: Ah…

Sean: That’s a yes right? We’ll become stronger together? :)

Reader: H- Hold on… Is that why you came out of the bathroom looking like that?

Sean: Uhh…

Sean: Ahem. I don’t know what you’re talking about! I was completely fine! Completely and totally fine! I said so - didn’t I?

Reader: I thought it was supposed to make you more resilient to spice?

Sean: Slowly but surely! It’s been a while since I had my last - give me a break!

Reader: Why do you even eat that anyway?

Sean: Because it tastes! All my neurons are activated! I feel alive!

Sean: And to become stronger! I can feel my gut burning up - it’s like birth pains! Birth pains are a good sign - it's fantastic!

Sean: In other words… it feels like callouses- but in your stomach!

*Is he a masochist?*

*Where is he getting these ideas?*

Reader: Haha… As much as I appreciate the offer, I think I’m good…

Sean: Aww… Come on… Just a bit?


Reader: I don’t think I’ll be roasting my insides today for a bit of “training”.

Sean: Hmph - fine… fine…

As Sean turns around, a sudden jolt of pain doubles him over, likely originating from the after effects of his recent bathroom break. Clenching his stomach, he awkwardly stumbles away.

Reader: Don’t overdo it! Your stomach is gonna spill out!

Ignoring the fact that Sean offered me near-lethal volcano noodles, it’s pretty amusing being around him. I feel like I’ve seen a side that not many have seen before.
